feat(docker-images): Extrapolate image build flow from benchmark runs; Move configuration files into project sources. (#17)
y-scope/log-archival-bench: README.md

git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## Download Datasets

You can download all the datasets we use in the benchmark using the [download\_all.py](/scripts/download_all.py) script we provide.

> The [download\_all.py](/scripts/download_all.py) script will download all datasets into the correct directories **with** the specified names, concentrate multi-file datasets together into a single file, and generate any modified version of the dataset needed for tools like Presto \+ CLP.

Reviewer: Do we really want to escape `\_` and `\+` here? The ` _xxx_ ` format syntax is unlikely to be accidentally triggered inside a regular paragraph.

Author: I will rewrite this paragraph. The diff looks messy but I didn't write these.

> The [download\_all.py](/scripts/download_all.py) script will download all datasets into the correct directories **with** the specified names, concentrate multi-file datasets together into a single file, and generate any modified version of the dataset needed for tools like Presto \+ CLP.

Reviewer: we plan to move `/scripts/download_all.py` to `src/log_archival_bench/scripts/` later right?

Author: yep, in a near future PR, with similar checksum logic for the datasets as well.

## Docker Environments

Benchmarks are executed inside Docker containers to ensure reproducible, isolated test environments
with controlled resource limits.

### Build All Docker Images

To build all Docker images concurrently:

```shell
task docker-images:build
```

### Build a Single Docker Images

To build a specific image for a given engine:

```shell

> uv run src/log_archival_bench/scripts/docker_images/build.py --engine-name <engine_name>

Reviewer: Have we considered making `build-single-image`not internal and use
```task docker-images:build-single-image ENGINE_NAME=<engine_name>```

I guess the point of taskfiles is to prevent the user from running scripts directly

Author: We could — maybe as a follow-up PR. For now, I’d like to make sure everyone’s aligned on how we’re handling Docker images before adding more features.
Also, since Docker image builds are checksumed, if you modify the Dockerfile for a specific engine, only that image will rebuild while the rest remain up to date.

```

Each image corresponds to a specific engine (e.g. `clp`, `clickhouse`, `elasticsearch`, `sparksql`).

## Run Everything

Follow the instructions above to set up your virtual environment.

Stay in the [Log Archival Bench](/) directory and run [scripts/benchall.py](/scripts/benchall.py). This script runs the tools \+ parameters in its "benchmarks" variable across all datasets under [data/](/data).

## Run One Engine

> Execute `./assets/{engine_name}/main.py {path to <dataset_name>.log}` to run ingestion and search on that dataset.

Reviewer: 1. Why is there a `.log` postfix?
Shouldn't this line be  
```suggestion
Execute `./assets/{engine_name}/main.py ./data/{engine_name}` to run ingestion and search on that dataset.
```

2. I guess a more modern way is to rename each `main.py` as `__main__.py` and

```suggestion
Execute `uv run python -m assets.{engine_name} ???` to run ingestion and search on that dataset.
```

With that being said, I'm down to fix documents after we move assets to `src/log-archival-bench`. We can ignore "2" for now

Author: These are not related to this PR and the structure will def get refactored in the future.

git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## Download Datasets

You can download all the datasets we use in the benchmark using the [download\_all.py](/scripts/download_all.py) script we provide.

The [download\_all.py](/scripts/download_all.py) script will download all datasets into the correct directories **with** the specified names, concentrate multi-file datasets together into a single file, and generate any modified version of the dataset needed for tools like Presto \+ CLP.

## Docker Environments

Benchmarks are executed inside Docker containers to ensure reproducible, isolated test environments
with controlled resource limits.

### Build All Docker Images

To build all Docker images concurrently:

```shell
task docker-images:build
```

### Build a Single Docker Image

To build a specific image for a given service engine:

```shell
uv run src/log_archival_bench/scripts/docker_images/build.py --service-name <service_name>
```

> Each valid service (e.g. `presto`, `clickhouse`, `elasticsearch`) has its own dedicated Docker

Author: ```suggestion
Each valid service (e.g. `presto_parquet`, `clickhouse`, `elasticsearch`) has its own dedicated Docker
```

image, built by the `log-archival-bench` repository, for use in benchmark testing.

## Run Everything

Follow the instructions above to set up your virtual environment.

Stay in the [Log Archival Bench](/) directory and run [scripts/benchall.py](/scripts/benchall.py). This script runs the tools \+ parameters in its "benchmarks" variable across all datasets under [data/](/data).

## Run One Benchmark Engine

> Execute `./assets/{engine_name}/main.py {path to <dataset_name>.log}` to run ingestion and search on that dataset.

Author: maybe no need to touch this block for now.
we can also defer README fixing once we've moved everything into `src/log_archival_bench`
